Not only does a stable career offer a significant number of long-term benefits such as healthcare, pension, but it also protects workers from financial burdens when economic recession happens.
Not until the governments invest in building orbital cities and encourage businesses to base in rural areas could overpopulation be solved.
Under no circumstances should one pursue a career without the characteristics the career requires, as they would hardly gain a foothold in the profession despite their efforts.
Not only does a university degree offer us more job prospects, it also boosts remuneration, and therefore people are making efforts to attend higher education although the tuition fees are expensive.
Not until educators alter conventional teaching methods, and apply multimedia to the curriculum could the students be interested in studying.
Under no circumstances should teachers be completely replaced by computers, as there are subjects which computers are unable to intruct, such as physical education.
Not only does the construction of entertainment facilities in untouched areas push wildlife species towards the verge of extinction, but it also exerts pressure on harvesting and using resources in tourist attractions.
Not until the governments adopt waste handling and disposal methods could the impacts from mass-tourism such as construction or transportation be eased.
Under no circumstances should the national language be replaced by a common one, as the sense of identity of a nation would be eliminated.
Riding bicycles is impossible, not only due to the lack of public transportation, but also to the hectic lifestyle.
Not until companies offer prizes for employees to quit sedentary and hang encouraging banners could a healthy workplace be built.
Under no circumstances should the test of newly-introduced drugs on mammals be stopped, as they are highly reproductive, and no human would participate in the trial when the risks are too high.
Not only is fossil fuel the cause of ozone depletion or oil spills, but it also exerts pressure on exploiting resources, and therefore it should be substituted by renewables such as solar power, which is more eco-friendly and abundant.
Not until paper printing is stopped could deforestation for paper production be prevented, in turn protect the environments of untouched areas.
Under no circumstances should the Internet be overused as it would render users no longer interested in face-to-face communication, as well as distribute harmful information such as pornography  or conspiracies.
Not only is the crimes of juvenile criminals the consequences of the lack of parental supervision, they are also due to the exposure of spoiled peers.
Under no circumstances should all criminals be imprisoned as their accommodation and management costs would exert pressure on the public budget.
Not until the governments generate job prospects for recently-released felons does reconviction no longer occur.
Not only does shopping online suits the lifestyle of current generations, but they also paves the way for the development of mini-capitalism, as all people are able to open businesses with a limited amount of budget.
Not until online retailers such as Amazon adopt punishments for falsely-advertised products could consumers be protected.
Under no circumstances should personal information be provided to unofficial websites, as hackers could sell those information or take advantage of them.
Not only does women bear a heavy workload which equals to that of men, they are also resposible for repetitive, boring household chores.
Not until parents are trained with child-rearing could they support their children in learning by providing the easiest explanation.
Under no circumstances should child-rearing be completely assigned to childcare centers, as caretakers are required to look after several children at once, and one careless moment would lead to serious consequences as children are playful.
Not only do sponsorships in education offer education opportunities for 	people of all social statuses, but they also boosts the welfare of a nation.
Not until the governments offer healthcare for every individual could they ensure a healthy labor force, which is illustrated in life expectancy and productivity.
Under no circumstances should celebrities be hired to represent charity campaigns, as their scandals could induce people to take the campaigns lightly.
Not only does the increasing awareness of climate change encourage people to protect the environment by several methods such as waste classifying, but it also enables the government to handle this issue with ease.
Not until the governments drive up gasoline prices could they limit the use of private transportation as well as encourage people to commute to work by public transportations.
Under no circumstances should the government allocate a massive amount of budget to organize public events, as there exist several industries requiring investment.
Not only does the lack of access to the open world lead to the shortage of fashion ideas but also to the stereotypes of dress codes.
Not until citizens are more open to new fashion trends could they adopt new outfits such as bikini, which used to be considered as offensive in the past.
Under no circumstances should advertisements be banned as users are able to compare products and make better decisions although they sometimes exaggerate products’ contents.
Not only do multi-national corporations reduce unemployment rate by expanding businesses, but they also contribute to the nation by paying taxes, which are used to fund other industries.
Not until policies about cutting the use of non-biodegradable products are adopted could marine life no longer die of plastic-poisoning, such as tires or plastic bags.
Under no circumstances should the use of nuclear energy be eliminated due to its risks as it is highly eco-friendly and abundant.
