It is important that one pursue a career which they prefer as they would be willing to contribute much to their occupation, in turn boost productivity.
It is impossible that one becomes a professional singer or model without a nice appearance as well as innate talents as the majority often lack such characteristics.
It is believed that successful people enjoy high remuneration and a significant number of long-term benefits such as pension, healthcare, and they would avoid any financial burdens both during employment and retirement years.
It is not recommended that students learn politics as the correlation between said subject and their life is extremely weak, as both sides exert no impacts on one another.
It is no longer appropriate that history is taught in the current curriculum as globalization requires people to speak a second language to be able to communicate with the global community, instead of reciting chronicles.
It is recommended that schools reduce the number of classes in the curriculum to increase the learning efficiency of students as multitasking would render them unable to comprehend the lesson.
It is recommended that waste is classified to enable the governments to recycle or handle it properly, in turn protect the environment of tourist attractions.
It is extremely dangerous that tourists travel to untouched areas as there would be aggressive animals or ongoing diseases, such as the Ebola epidemic in West Africa in 2014.
It is highly unlikely that native people visit their local tourist attractions to relax, as they remain unchanged for years, and instead they would allocate time to modern entertainment such as cinemas or theme parks.
It is compulsory that current generations work full-time to be able to pay monthly bills, leading to that such hectic lifestyle prevents them from enjoying a self-preparing healthy meal.
It is recommended that business owners curb working hours and encourage employees to participate in recreational activities to build a healthy workplace.
It is true that researchers test newly-introduced drugs on mammals, which are biologically similar to human.
It is true that the introduction of the Internet has revolutionized human communication methods, as people in different hemispheres are able to communicate with one another.
It is highly concerned that the Internet renders users no longer interested in face-to-face communication, but they prefer having online relationships.
It is true that the governments in Japan and Germany highly encourage families to install solar panels, which are able to generate electricity anywhere when sunlight is available, on the roof.
It is true that violent behaviors such as smoking, skipping classes or bullying are often found in chidren who lack parental supervision.
It is not recommended that juvenile criminals are treated by life or death sentences, as they are unable to be fully aware of their illegal behaviors.
It is true that the increse in appliance consumption would eliminate the need to do boring housework manually, and enable modern citizens to spend their time on more important tasks.
It is highly concerned that industrial waste, the majority of which is non-biodegradable plastic, is dumped directly into the ocean, threatening the existence of marine life.
It is believed that luxurious goods have excellent quality, which users are able to enjoy in the long-run without maintenance.
It is believed that changes in residences would exert the most signifcant impact on children, as they are required to give up their friends at their hometown, and are unable to adapt to new environment immediately.
It is believed that teamwork would boost productivity and working efficiency as members are able to propose a significant number of ideas for a project.
It is believed that parental supervision would assist in chidren’s personality, while peers and multimedia would broaden their horizon.
It is believed that the educational level, healthcare, and a healthy labor force are the criteria of the success of a nation.
It is recommended that senior positions in the governments are assigned to the young as they are more open to new ideas, and they are more tech-savvy.
It is believed that only the government are able to handle climate change and ozone depletion, by improving the traffic system and using renewables.
It is undeniable that everyone has their preference, and therefore the governments should not interfere in citizens’ diet.
It is financially impossible that public spaces such as squares or parks are built, especially third-world countries, as there exist important sectors in said countries requiring investment.
It is true that successful advertising campaigns of corporations have enabled their products to dominate the market, and therefore they could be mass-produced and are affordable.
It would be insensible that advertisements are banned as consumers are able to compare products and make better decisions.
It is undeniable that nuclear would be an excellent option to replaec fossil fuel as it is highly eco-friendly and abundant.
It is true that the governments in several nations have imposed high tax on gasoline to limit the use of private transportations such as cars, in turn curb carbon footprint in the atmosphere.
It is recommended that wind power is used as the turbines of which could be erected in open spaces, eliminating the demand for deforestation to build power plants.
