It is financial burdens that renders the young unable to follow their passions but to prefer a career which offers stable remuneration.
It is economic development that widens the gap between the rich and the poor, and that between the living standards of cities and countrysides.
It is sexism that renders women in several third-world nations unable to have as many job prospects as men.
It is government grants that offer education opportunities for people of all social statuses.
It is teamwork that boost productivity and working efficiency as members are able to offer a significant number of ideas for projects.
It is multimedia equipment that enables children to learn things which their parents are unable to teach, such as wildlife species.
It is the development of tourism that has a negative impact on the environment as transportations release a significant amount of carbon footprint.
It is the lack of knowledge about cultural differences that fuels conflicts between the local and tourists
It is learning a common language that assists in eliminating language barriers and enables people to pursue a career or an education overseas.
It is convenience that induces people to maintain bad habits although they are aware that such acitivites have a negative impact on their health.
It is migrating to urban centers for job prospects that exert pressure on accommodations and traffic volume.
It is the high living expenses in urban centers that induce workers to be fully employed in order to pay monthly bills.
It is the development of technology that enables modern citizens to travel to places which were inaccessible in the past.
It is the introduction of the Internet that enables people to have access to knowledge at their fingertips.
It is the introduction of the printer in Germany that promotes the spread of knowledge, leading to the decrease in illiteracy rate globally.
It is not human nature, but the environment that nurtures the mindset of a criminal
It is imprisoning all criminals regardless of the severity of crime that would costs a significant amount of the government’s budget.
It is inviting ex-criminals to have a speech with the students that enables them to be aware of the consequences of crime.
It is economic development that promotes people to consume more.
It is durability that persuade people to prefer luxury goods
It is affordability and low transportation costs that convince people to shop online.
It is the heavy curriculum that makes children no longer have leisure time and suffer from myopia.
It is the introduction of the Internet that enables students to participate in classes based on their schedule.
It is childcare centers that offer children professional care and an interactive environment.
