Without passions, the young would be unable to devote much to their occupations, and job hopping would increase.
Without innate talents, the young would hardly gain a foothold in the singing or modelling industry, as the market of which offer few job prospects.
Given the economic investment for the countrysides by the governments, investment would increase, generating more job prospects, encouraging people to pursue a career in their hometown, and ease the pressure on other public infrastructures.
Without sponsorships in education, the education standard of a nation would fail to be improved, leading to the reduction in high-skilled labor force, and exerting a negative impact on the wealth of nation.
Given sponsorships in education, the financial burden of a student would be eliminated, in turn curbing his motivation to learn, leading to the increase in drop-out rate.
Without leisure time, students would suffer from diseases such as myopia or obesity due to their sedentary lifestyle, and in the long-run this would exert an adverse influence on the labor force.
Given the advance research about the cultures of tourist attractions, which is fairly easy with the introduction of the Internet, tourists would avoild culture shock, and conflicts with the local people.
Without travelling, tourists would be unable to experience cultural features which require direct interaction, like culinary or lifestyle, but globalization has enabled countries to exchange their specialties with one another.
Given the construction of entertainment facilities in untouched areas, which requires heavy machinery releasing carbon footprint and noise, the habitat of many wildlife species would be spoiled.
Without the decline in working hours, employees would lead a sedentary lifestyle, and suffer from chronic diseases such as cardiopathy or obesity, and therefore a healthy labor force would fail to be built.
Given the experiment of newly-introduced drugs on mammals, which are biologically similar to human, researchers are able to confirm the application of such drugs on human.
Without buses and other public transportation, which are able to carry a significant number of passengers at once, people would own more private means of transport, and therefore traffic gridlock would be more prevalent.
Without the introduction of modern transportations, people would be unable to travel time-efficiently, which paves the way for globalization, as people in all nations are able to exchange products, cultures, and perspectives.
Given the substitution of fossil fuel by nuclear, which is eco-friendly and abundant, human are required to develop technologies to control such a power, otherwise disasters would occur like the Chernobyl nuclear power plant explosion several decades ago.
Given the prevalence of technologies, a significant number of people would lose the ability to communicate face-to-face, and prefer making friends with online subjects, and therefore maintaing eye-contact and teamwork would be disabled.
Without severe punishments, criminals would fail to be aware of the consequences of their crimes, which illustrates the inefficiency of the judicial system.
Without parental supervision, children would express spoiled behaviors, and would make friends with other poorly-educated peers and replicate their bad habits.
Given the increasing consumption of appliances, housework could be accomplished with ease, as such boring, repetitive tasks are no longer done manually, enabling modern citizens to allocate their time to more important duties.
Without proper handling methods, plastic waste, which are non-biodregradable, would be dumped directly into the ocean, killing various marine life.
Given the preference for luxurious goods, the gap between the rich and the poor would widen, and therefore the latter would buy items which exceed their monthly remuneration.
Given the changes in residences, children are required to give up their former friendships at their hometown, while culture shock renders them unable to adapt immediately to new environment and socialize.
Without teamwork, people are unable to complete a task easiliy and accurately, as the brain of an individual are unable to handle a heavy workload immediately, and it lacks the ability to carry out a duty requiring several fields.
Without multimedia, children would be unable to learn about wildlife species or the universe, which their parents lack the ability to teach them.
Without a young staff, the judicial system would fail to be adjusted regularly to suit society’s new trend.
Given the occurrence of accidents, such as fire or earthquakes, people living in vertical cities would hardly evacuate, while those who reside in horizontal ones do this with ease.
Given the representation of celebrities for charity campaigns, they would enable the campaigns to reach a larger population, as their apperance are more easily recognized that the reputation of such humanitarian organizations.
Without a billion-dollar investment, the Ebola epidemic, which could wipe out the majority of West African due to the lack of vaccines, has failed to be stopped.
Given a heavy workload, workers are required to use products containing caffein to combat fatigue, which exert an adverse influence on their health in the long-run.
Without the construction of public spaces, the governments would be unable to stimulate people to quit sedentary lifestyle, the cause of chronic diseases such as cardiopathy or obesity.
Given the success of advertising campaigns, a company would boost their sales, in turn expand their production and offer more job prospects for society.
Without adverstisements, consumers would lack an information source to compare products on the market, several of which could provide false, exaggarated informations, leading to poor decisions and lower satisfaction.
Given the mass-production of products, their prices would decline, in turn boost affordability and competitiveness of such goods.
Without proper nuclear control, disasters would occur and threaten the existence of human, such as the Chernobyl power plant explosion, the environment of which are unsuitable to live for decades.
Without the use of fossil fuel, the amount of greenhouse gas would decline, eliminating the risk of suffering from respiratory diseases and damaging the habitat of wildlife species.
Given the erection of wind turbines on open spaces or the installation of solar panels on the roof of households, deforestation for establishing power plants would be excluded.