A stable job, which offers long-term benefits such as healthcare, pension, and high remuneration, is preferred by the young.
There are certain occupations whose market offers few job prospects, or requires characteristics which the majority lack.
Singapore, a resourceless nation, has included English into the curriculum as a compulsory subject.
Sponsoring education would free students from financial burdens, which curb their motivation to learn and boost drop-out rate.
Tourists are able to preserve the cultures of tourist attractions by researching about traditions, which is quite easy thanks to the introduction of the Internet globally.
Travelling to learn a language or culture is inappropriate for people in third-world countries whose remuneration is insufficient to pay monthy bills in advanced ones.
A hectic lifestyle would prevent people from enjoying a self-prepared healthy meal, which are substituted by greasy fastfood, leading to diseases such as obesity.
Banning tobacco and encouraging employees to quit sedentary lifestyle would enable employers to build a healthy workplace.
WTO, an organization established to manage global commercial activities and promote economic progress, is a typical example of the impacts from the introduction of modern transportations.
The Chernobyl nuclear disaster, occurring because human were unable to control such power, has rendered the surroundings no longer habitable for decades.
The authorities in countries such as Japan or Germany highly stimulate households to install solar panels on the roof, which are able to generate electricity when sunlight is available.
Children who often skip classes usually make friends with other spoiled peers and would gradually replicate their behaviors such as smoking or bullying.
Crimes which are hardly forgiven should be treated by severe punishments such as life or death sentences.
Consuming more appliances has eliminated boring, repetitive, manual housework, and enabled modern citizens to spend their valuable time on more important tasks.
Products made from plastic, which are non-biodegradable, are dumped directly into the ocean, leading to the destruction of a significant number of marine life.
Luxurious products such as Rolex watches are often made by craftsmen and have excellent quality, which enable users to enjoy in the long-run without maintenance.
Living in new residences would induce children to give up relationships in their hometown, while culture shock prevents them from making friends immediately.
The human brain are unable to multitask, and it lacks the ability to complete a duty which requires several professions.
Offering healthcare for citizens is a criterion to assess the living standards of a nation, as it ensures a healthy labor force.
Climate change and ozone depletion could only be handled when all nations cooperate to improve the traffic system and use alternative energies.
Individuals hardly alter the current situation of the environment as such revolutionary movements require a massive amount of public budget.
Building public spaces would encourage people to quit sedentary lifestyle and start exercising to be in shape, especially those who lack the expense to go to the gym regularly.
