1. who are more important to you, family or friends?

Well, in my view, both friends and family play important roles in my life, but I'm inclined to
my family because, you know, blood is thicker than water. You know, family can
unconditionally give you both financial and mental support. It may still be true
with some close friends but I believe that only family members will sacrifice 
anything for me when i'm in hot water.

2. what do you usually do with your family?

well, personally speaking, on a daily basis, we do a variety of activities such as, 
eating, talking together, watching movies to name but a few. You know, in the absense 
of those activities, we could hardly escape form the tight schedule and enhance our
relationship

3. Do you want to live with your family in the future?

Hmm, you know, family members are near and dear to me. But, personally speaking, in the 
years to come, I don't want to live under the same roof with my family. Because, 
In my view, living without financial support from my family members gives me a chance 
to paddle my own canoe and my privacy will not be invaded.

4. Are you close to your family members?

Yes, of course, i'm getting on well with my family members. We share a variety of
activities together. Moreover, whenever I'm in a tight corner, It is my family that 
will give me financial and mental support unconditionally. You know,
were it not for my family, hardly could I find my passion like I'm now.

5. How has your family influenced you?

Well, I would have to say that It is my family, especially my parents that shape my personality. 
You know, they set a role model for me to follow. For example, I believe that the reason why 
I have a kind interest in math is because my mother is a math instructor. Moreover, my grandmother
told me that i'm exactly my father's son because we are both have a heart of gold

6. Who play the leading role in your family?

Well, in my family, my father is the one who bring home the bacon. You know, my father 
gives other members of my family both financial and mental support. Moreover, He is responsible for
homeschooling and sets a role model for me to follow. 

7. What are the roles of mother?

From my points of view, father and mother play equal important role in my family. But, you know,
my mother is the one who will lend us and ear when we need a mental support. Mother is also 
responsible for our meal and all hosehold chores.

8. What is the typical family structures in vietnames family?

Well, in my country, the nuclear structure is of prevalence. Because, living in a
family that has no more than two generation has several advantages. Firstly, we can 
save living cost so this will not impose financial burdens on family members. Secondly,
we can avoid generation gaps which can cause family conflicts.

9. What are the pros and cons of 3 generations living together?

Well, From my points of view, the positive side of an extended family is that 
older generation will pass their knowledge and experience on to younger generation.
Moreover, offsprings have a chance to take care of their grandparents. But, you know, 
every coin has two sides, there are several drawback of the extend structure, for example,
there may be generation gaps which can cause family conflicts.


voice immitation