Well, you know, today I found a video that really interesting on 
youtube. It was a Ted talk with the topic named "10 ways to have 
a better conversation". And I am really happy to be here and share 
it with you. 

You know, there is a research of 10000 people and they found 
that at this moment, we are more divided than we ever have been in 
history. we are not listening to each other. 

A conversation requires a balance between talking and listening,
and somehow, we lost that balance. And the speaker introduced 10
ways to tackle this problem in order to have better conversations.

Number one: Don't multitask. 
Its not just set down your phone or whatever is in your hand.
She means, be present, be in that moment. Don't be thinking 
anything else like what you gonna have for your dinner. If 
you want to get out the conversation, get out the conversation.

Number two: Don't pontificate
You need to enter every conversation assuming that you have something
to learn. 
Bill Nye had said: "Everyone you will ever meet, knows something 
you don't" 

Number three: Use an open-ended questions.
Like a journalist, start your questions with who, what, when, where,
why or how. Don't ask yes, no questions, try to ask them things like 
"What was that like", "How did that feel", they will have to stop and
thinking, and you gonna get a much more interesting response.

Number four: go with the flow.
Stories and ideas gonna come to you, you need to let them come and 
let them go. Don't let them distract you from the conversation. 

Number five: If you don't know, say that you don't know 

Number six: Don't equate your experiences with theirs.
If they talk about having lost a family member, don't start talking
about the time you lost a family member. It's not the same, 
It's never the same. All experiences are individuals. And more 
importantly, It's not about you. You don't need to take that moment 
to prove how much you've suffered.

Number seven: Try not to repeat youself. 
Don't rephrase your oppinion over and over. It's boring 

Number eight: Stay out of the weeds.
Frankly, people don't care about the years, the names, all those
details. What they care is about you, what you like, what you have 
in common. So forget the details .


Number night: Be brief

Number ten, the most important one, listen. 
Listening is actually the most important skill that you could develop
There are two reasons that render we from listening. The first one is 
we'd rather talk. When we talk, we are the center of the conversation.
The second reason is that we get distracted. It actually takes 
effort and energy to pay attention to someone. But if you don't 
you are not in the conversation. 



