1 Are your friends mostly your age or different ages?

Well, you know, I don't have many friends, but most of them are 
contemporary to me in terms of their age. Basically, the majority of my friends
are from my school and that's the reason why they are mostly my age. You know, 
It is same age friends that accompany me through thick and thin. Besides, they 
will lend me a hand when I'm in a tight corner


2 Do you usually see your friends during the week or at weekends

Well, to be honest, I only meet my friends at weekends. Because, you know, during weekdays,
I have to work against the clock, so I am in a lack time for seeing my friends.
Personally, I believe that were it not for my friends, I could hardly
melt away all the stress.


3. The last time you saw your friends, what did you do together?

The last time I saw my friends, we were going to the cinema. Thanks to the movie, We could melt away all
the tension and lift up our mood by enjoying high-quality sounds and images.

4. In what ways are your friends important to you?

Well, I would have to say that friends play an important role in my life. You know,
It is my friends that accompany me through ups and downs. Besides, they are always 
willing to be a shoulder for me to cry on.

5. How do people make friends these day?

Well, in modern days, I believe that there are two ways for anyone to socialize. 
The first one is making friends with cutting-edge technologies. People
can socialize through social networking websites such as facebook, twitter,
to name but a few. The second one is using the traditional ways. For 
example, people can mingle with others by participating in offline classes
or offline events.

6. How to get along with people you don't like?

Well, you know I believe that this is a task of challenge. 
But, Personally speaking, If there were someone that I really can't 
stand, I would put on an act to be nice to him or just simply turn a blind eye to him.

7. Do you like to have many friends?

Well, Actually, I guess have a few, but they are near and dear to you is better. Because,
If I had a significant number of friends, It would be a task of challenge to maintain 
our relationship. Moreover, I strongly believe that I just need two or three people, who
are always willing to lend me a hand whenever I'm in a tight corner.

8. Do you like to make friends with people who are similar to you?

Of course, yes, I believe that friends are the ones that share something in common.
Besides, the person likes me are easier to lend me an ear when I need some one to talk with.
Moreover, if they are similar to me, our friendships are more likely to last long because 
there is few chance for conflicts to happen.


