1. what are the roles of teacher ?

Well, generally speaking, I believe that teacher play vital roles 
in shaping students' personality. For example, teachers pass their knowledge 
and experience on to students so that they can broaden their horizon. Moreover, 
teachers set a role model for learners to follow. Personally speaking, were it not 
for my teachers, hardly could I find and pursue my passion.

2. What kinds of teachers do you like best?

Well, personally speaking, I show my preference for teachers who prioritize
teaching quality over financial benefit. Besides, you know, I wish I could have a teacher who
set a role model for me to follow. 

3. Would you want to be a teacher in the future?

Well, personally speaking, I have a kind interest in being a instructor. You know, 
By being an educator, I have a chance to pass my knowledge and experience on to 
a significant number of learners so that they can broaden their knowledge. Besides, 
Teaching bring me financial income, which enable me to shake off poverty. 

4. Have you ever had bad teachers before?

Personally speaking, I do not have a good impression on my high school math teacher. 
Because, you know, she is not willing to do me a favour when I have trouble in study.
Beside, she prioritize financial benefit over teaching quality. 



5. what should teachers do to make students interested in lessons?

Well, I believe there are various methods to boost a lession's attraction. 
For example, instructor can create more activities in the class so that this 
can put knowledge into practice. Besides, educator should innovate their teaching 
approaches which enable students to have deeper understanding.

6. who is more important to your study , teachers or classmates?

Well, personally speaking, I strongly believe that teachers and classmates play 
equal important role in my academic environment. It is undeniable that were it not 
for teachers, hardly could I deepen my knowledge and broaden my horizon. But, thank 
to my classmates, I have a chance to study in a favourable learning condition to 
enhance my academic. 
